README.md, before:

# _Project Name_

#### _Short description_

#### By _Thomas Russell_

## Technologies Used

- _C#_
- _ASP.NET Core_
- _Razor_
- _MySQL_
- _MySQLWorkbench_
- _EF Core_
- _CSS_
- _Bootstrap_
- _Markdown_

## Description

_This is a C#/ASP.NET Core application that allows a baker named Pierre to keep track of all of his orders and their details. The orders are sorted by vendor who made the order. Each vendor has a name and description and each order has an order number/title, description, price, and date._

## Setup and Use

### Prerequisites

- [.NET 5 SDK](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download/dotnet/5.0)
- A text editor like [VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/)
- A command line interface like Terminal or GitBash to run and interact with the console app.

### Installation

1. Clone the repository: `$ git clone https://github.com/tprussell19/ProjectName.Solution`
2. Navigate to the `ProjectName.Solution/` directory on your computer
3. Open with your preferred text editor to view the code base
4. Create a database using SQL via MySQL:

5. To run the app:
   - Navigate to `ProjectName.Solution/ProjectName` in your command line
   - Run the command `dotnet restore` to restore the dependencies that are listed in the .csproj
   - Run the commmand `dotnet build` to build the project and its dependencies into a set of binaries
   - Finally, run the command `dotnet run` to run the project!
   - Note: `dotnet run` also restores and builds the project, so you can use this single command to start the app and launch

## Known Bugs

- _No known bugs_

## License

_MIT © Thomas Russell 2021_

## Contact Information

Thomas Russell _t.p.russell19@gmail.com_

Commit message:

:hammer: change template references to project references

README.md, after:

# _Project Name_

#### _Short description_

#### By _Thomas Russell_

## Technologies Used

- _C#_
- _ASP.NET Core_
- _Razor_
- _MySQL_
- _MySQLWorkbench_
- _EF Core_
- _CSS_
- _Bootstrap_
- _Markdown_

## Description

_This is a C#/ASP.NET Core application that allows a baker named Pierre to keep track of all of his orders and their details. The orders are sorted by vendor who made the order. Each vendor has a name and description and each order has an order number/title, description, price, and date._

## Setup and Use

### Prerequisites

- [.NET 5 SDK](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download/dotnet/5.0)
- A text editor like [VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/)
- A command line interface like Terminal or GitBash to run and interact with the console app.

### Installation

1. Clone the repository: `$ git clone https://github.com/tprussell19/SweetAndSavory.Solution`
2. Navigate to the `SweetAndSavory.Solution/` directory on your computer
3. Open with your preferred text editor to view the code base
4. Create a database using SQL via MySQL:

5. To run the app:
   - Navigate to `SweetAndSavory.Solution/SweetAndSavory` in your command line
   - Run the command `dotnet restore` to restore the dependencies that are listed in the .csproj
   - Run the commmand `dotnet build` to build the project and its dependencies into a set of binaries
   - Finally, run the command `dotnet run` to run the project!
   - Note: `dotnet run` also restores and builds the project, so you can use this single command to start the app and launch

## Known Bugs

- _No known bugs_

## License

_MIT © Thomas Russell 2021_

## Contact Information

Thomas Russell _t.p.russell19@gmail.com_
